first podcast we did you were a
Christian y second podcast we did you
were a Muslim y today are you still a
Muslim one day in the future you're
living you're evolving you're a guy
that's evolving you got core conditions
but you're evolving one day gets to the
point you're like this is not change
it's going to get worse and worse and
worse Nast here on you do you ever fear
if you ever say you know what I'm going
to be a Christian again do you ever fear
what would happen to you if you ever
left the religion of Islam I mean number
one uh I'll be honest with you with all
du respect of course we don't want
Andrew Tate to become a Christian or
leave is sound of course don't want that
do you get what I'm trying to say he's
wrong and we call him mind is wrong
however we don't need to andate with all
your respect I mean I'll be honest with
you Islam does not need andate Islam
does not need Andrew Tate at all Andrew
Tate needs Islam let's make that very
clear so this thing of oh what will
happen to him look at this fear
mongering oh what do you do know what
will happen to you then shut up please
pet yeah you're flipping is man shut
your flipping mouth you flipping
I am a Reaver and I was taught how
to pray Salah that means every single
time I pray the person who told me gets
to award five times a day from F to is
if you want to support someone like me
in learning Salah then sponsor 10 people
for just 00 this Ramadan remember the
prophet peace be upon him said charity
does not decrease wealth click the
button andate
[Music]
now Alum brothers and sisters and dear
friends Andrew Tate went on to the pbd
podcast Patrick P Davids a known
islamophobe somebody who's lied about
Islam um who has deep animosity from the
background uh he comes from as an a
Syrian and they have deep hatred to
Islam um they don't care about the truth
they don't care if Islam was the truth
the hatred overrides everything so he
invites him and let's see how he starts
off and let's see if Andrew Tate defends
Islam defends the Muslims or does he
usually just follow them under the bus
let's see what he does in here is four
videos I'm going to react to here is the
first one first podcast we did you were
Christian y second podcast we did you
were a Muslim y today are you still a
Muslim yes you are okay if you look at
how many people in the US convert from
Christian to Muslim in America it's not
a big number and if you look at how many
women left more women than men I think
the number is such a small there you go
roughly 30,000 people year convert to
Islam in us the difference is they have
a lot of kids and they have big family
so that's their strategy so you can see
from the onset very clearly his Patrick
you can see his um uh desperate because
number one the fact that he asked
question he was a Christian when we
first interviewed you then you became a
Muslim what are you now oh you s Muslim
disappointment he disappointed um and
you can see clearly his bias yeah and
then when he talks oh only 30,000 we
don't know if the statistics are correct
what we know is though since
9/11 hundreds of thousands of people if
not Millions have converted to Islam
around the world and in America Islam is
the fastest growing religion so you can
see how it downplays out it's not that
many people just 30,000 Etc even if you
go with those figures 30,000 people you
that's a small number how many people
have left Christianity millions in
America Millions ions across Europe have
left Christianity you would never see
such a thing but anyway let's carry on
let see we can see disappointment you
know things are going majority of that
30,000 are women but you as a man an
anomaly you go from Christian to being a
Muslim so yeah an anomaly where did he
get this from an anomy where you get
anomy when you were a
Christian what attacks or Goods did you
see that you're like man I I never had
that because I remember when we spoke
when we were in Romania you said like
when I was at church Muslims send me
letters Christians and send me letters I
remember that conver
now that you're a Muslim what is the
biggest difference of treatment and does
it kind of make you sit there and say
man I understand why the Bible teaches
tolerance for certain things yeah you
can see clearly that uh automatically
he's like you know what what you know
what's brought you to Islam was it you
know those what treats did they give you
what chocolates did they give you what
my friend Islam is the truth it's not
about what treats do they give you it's
about it being the truth and there's
evidence that it is the truth so you can
see how it's downplaying know what
benefits did you get out of it people
writing letters for you do you think
someone's going to change the entire
Faith because of that I understand I
understand the question but but
tolerance is double is a double-edge I
agree because it's tolerance that's
allowed Christianity and the church to
end up mocked universally across the
planet and to not defend their lands and
the Christian thing to do is to sit
there and allow your life and your race
and your country to be destroyed because
it's a Christian thing to do so
tolerance is a double-edged sword at
least thank you Andre at least you made
some valid point there um patri DAV is
you know this Christian concept of you
know we love everybody except my friend
can we read your Bible have you read
your Bible your god of the Old Testament
you will not find anything closer the re
the Havoc the mass slauter that Israel
is quoting the Old Testament done in
Islam so I don't know we talking about
tolerance you don't even have tolerance
man Islam has tolerance the Christians
and the Jews the Muslims can live in the
same lands together not in Christianity
no you cannot do that it's full
Annihilation like where they did in
amikit first Samuel 15: 2-3 1 Samuel let
SC on I was an atheist for a long time
and then I became a Christian I reverted
to Christianity instantly because I
believed in God and I was born in a
Christian Nation then I decided to do
some research on the different religions
and I found Affinity with Islam but my
Affinity with Islam is between me and
God me trying to please every Muslim on
the planet is never going to happen
because I'm never going to be able to
make them happy and there's always some
of them who are unhappy with me and
there is a contingent of Muslims who
like what I say and there's some that
don't like what I say and that's fine
I'm not here to try and appease them I'm
here to be honest to myself and be
honest to my religion and honest to my
faith and also be a rational actor and a
rational human and I'm I a lot of My
Views Muslims don't agree with because
they throw their rationality away in
light of group identity politics and
lots of people do this it's not just a
religious thing we just talked about how
black people that it with George Floyd
and BLM Tate would you I'm in double
Minds about Andrew Tate I'll be honest
I'm I don't know what to make out of him
like what he's saying now he's basically
saying that he believes in the tenant
that Islam is the truth okay but then he
has a different policy when it comes to
the actions of Muslims or stuff like
that like and that's understandable but
he does it in such a weird way like he
moves like he's a double agent do you
get it so you can see like he him saying
like he accepts that Islam is the truth
Etc it resonates with him whatever
whatever and that God is one it's not a
man Etc it's rational it's rational to
it's the most intelligent person on
Earth would believe cannot believe that
God is a man but he says weird stuff
after which is like interally he
believes but I think it's just he's
really thinks he's smart but he's not
like he's acting like he's smart but he
really is not he's making really silly
moves one day in a future you're living
you're evolving you're a guy that's
evolving you got core convictions but
you're evolving one day gets to the
point you're like this is not changing
it's going to get worse and worse and
worse Naser on you do you ever fear if
you ever say you know what I'm going to
be a Christian again do you ever fear
what would happen to you if you ever
left the religion of Islam no I don't
but I'm sure that would be a problem for
them I mean I'm sure I can imagine
people getting angry if I did that I I
don't feel if it no if that's how I feel
then that's what I would say I mean
number one uh I'll be honest with you
with all due respect of course we don't
want Andrew Tate to become a Christian
or leave his s of course we don't want
that do you get what I'm trying to say
he's wrong and we call him out is's
wrong
however we don't need Andrew Tate with
all your respect I mean I'll be honest
with you Islam does not need Andrew Tate
Islam does not need Andrew Tate at all
Andrew Tate needs Islam let's make that
very clear so this thing of oh what will
happen to him look at this fear
mongering oh what do you do you know
what will happen to you then shut up
please pet yeah you're fing Isam man
shut your flipping mouth you flipping
so you talking about UK right I
lived in Germany at a refugee camp and I
saw who first time I ever got in my life
was by another Afghani kid it was in uh
uh airlan at a refugee camp we had a
fight boom he took it out I'm like
sounds about right I looked at stats
2023 the top name the number one name in
UK London is Muhammad correct okay that
wasn't the case when you grew up that
was not the case true when you look at
he's basically said the first time he
had a issue with the person was an
Afghani and he first time ever he took a
knife out and then we'll equate that to
now uh by the way the the the the number
one name in the UK is Muhammad you see
the correlations making between the name
Muhammad and the first time an Afghani
guys we pulled out a knife on me I mean
p you can try your best Islam is growing
it's not going it's not going to bring
people into Christianity and it's saying
this it's not going to make people oh
I'm going to be a Christian now your
your religion is flawed your Bible is
corrupted your Doctrine makes no damn
sense people are leaving Christianity in
the millions my name is Kieran I'm 20
years old and I reverted to Islam 2
years ago alhamdulillah did you know
that teaching a new Muslim like me the
entire for the next 50 years just cost
£10 every time they wake up
fora you get the reward you could
sponsor salamas for just £00 and help 10
new Muslims learn how to praise Salah
click the button or the link and donate
[Music]
now stats 27% of prisoners in London
jail are Muslims where the population is
only 6% that's right you hear the
arguments about Sharia law what they're
saying you hear your uh fellow who
you've spoken to before you guys have
collaborated before Tommy Robinson he
makes his arguments on what's going on
with uh y with uh what do you call it
with yeah and then I look at some of the
tweets here's a couple of the tweets
that you have for people reacting to you
because you were going strong to what
was going on in UK and you said if you
don't believe in the way the system that
UK has get out I don't care who you are
corre you were very clear about itre you
were very thorough about it the response
came back to you from the Muslim
Community and it wasn't pretty they were
attacking you right and one your
response here that I have on the tweet
it says Islam hate comes from Muslims
who think they have to defend the
disgusting actions that other Muslims
commit instead of admitting that a
religion can be perfect and people are
not y Muslim must condemn the disgusting
child openly and verbally or the entire
religion will be uh done and then you
respond back Muslims will refuse to
understand the cry islamophobia instead
of addressing the serious issu is only
going to Garner reassessment these
grooming gangs would not be tolerated in
an Islamic country it's time for Muslims
to stand up against all and then there's
more of these that I can read okay and
even to go back on what happened when
the comments they made about Jesus
Christ you remember that as a Muslim you
said I will never forget these comebacks
for disgracing Jesus Christ right you've
been a Muslim now for what two years I
want to say two years two and a half
years something like that how do you how
much do you link that to the issues that
UK is facing so the UK does have a
problem where a lot of the culture is
being eroded and it's being eroded by an
Islamic immigration and this is going to
make Muslims mad when I say it but I
understand why the native Brits feel
threatened by that and are unhappy with
that when you talk about crime
statistics it's difficult because you
can do the same thing with black people
in the United States but black people
are a part of the United States it's
it's it's seen as racist to say that
they're a lower percentage of the
population but they commit more of the
crime you can do the same with black
people in the United States but black
people live here and they're always
going to live here I like to be ultra
realistic about all things and I like
the idea of Britain retaining its
culture and feeling like England a lot
of the that happens in the UK isn't from
Muslims particularly it's actually from
Christians from Africa a lot of it's
third world there's a lot of it's black
youths inside of London who do most of
this the majority of it but there are
first world Islamic Nations which are
much safer than any Western Nation so
you have a lot of third world Christians
which are coming in committing heinous
crimes the Southport killer who was from
Randa I believe he a Christian family
and he killed four or five little girls
to death but Andrew were you not the
same person who said that that person
was an immigrant Muslim now you
acknowledging that he wasn't like I I
don't understand you claim to be an
intelligent man are you doing this on
purpose are you just jumping on the
bandwagon you are now admitting that
that was a lie have you retracted it
noly that's what caused all the riots
there's a whole bunch of Christians who
are people coming from the third world
to commit crimes as well that's one of
the reasons England's collapsing right
now there is a wealth flight everyone
with money is leaving and you know
what's funny they're leaving because of
crime in Islam and guess what they're
leaving to Dubai all of them so it's not
an Islam problem it's a crime problem
it's a unsafe streets it's a government
you can't trust it's two-tier policing
that's what they're running from I'll be
honest with you it's actually
interesting when we attach Islam to
these things if you go to the UAE or
Qatar or Bahrain these countries have
extremely strict immigration policies
they're extremely strict about
islamization and and uh extremism and
radicalization and these countries are
some of the most beautiful countries in
the world to live in and they're
extremely safe so I think the problem
that we have with Europe and the UK
specifically was actually summed up by
somebody who knows the problem better
than I and it was the UAE foreign
minister did you ever see what he said
the UAE foreign minister find his video
where he talks about the islamization of
Western Nations and he's saying that
you're allowing extremism to Foster in
your countries because you think you
know Islam better than we do and we
don't allow these ideologies in our own
Islamic Nations and you're allowing them
in the west and you think you right
there let's play this video there will
come a day that we will see far more
radical extremist and terrorists coming
out of Europe because of lack of the
decision- making trying to be
politically correct or assuming that
they know the Middle East and they know
Islam and they know the others far
better than we do and I'm I'm sorry but
that's pure ignorance what do you think
about that message well you could say
he's not a real Muslim I guess that's
what the Muslims of the Great Britain
would do because they said that to me
when I said that any Muslim who is not
outraged by the crimes committed by
Muslims is part of the problem and this
is the identity politics problem the
Islams Muslims who complain that Islam
is hated in the west they're making it
worse by sticking up for grooming gangs
and IAL murderers I don't I'm just
finding it so hard to understand and
I'll be honest with you Andrew Tate I
mean I'll even debate you on this topic
I really want to ask you who which
Muslim has ever not
condemned if a group of Muslims done
attack like myself I've confronted Isis
members head on face to face I've been
threatened by them they have they have
literally threatened me they've
blackmailed me you know they've done
many things head on why because they
were carrying out their members were
carrying out attacks on innocent people
which Muslim would ever not talk about
you repeating this nonsense I don't know
why you're saying this which Muslim
would ever defend another Muslim that's
committing heinous crimes I don't
understand to us Islam comes before
anything and you said in an Islamic
Sharia State they would get the capital
punishment so as a Muslim why would I
defend another Muslim when my religion
Shar would deal with him in a harsh way
I don't care what race or religion you
are if you're killing little girls
you're a scumbag and an Islamic Nation
you would face the death penalty so I
don't I don't care if it doesn't make me
a real Muslim for that I don't care but
I will be honest I'll be very honest who
the hell please can you excuse me can
someone please show me one single Muslim
that I I I don't know that's reputable
that is sticking up to defending
grooming gangs please can someone I beg
you with the love of God please can
someone tell me point out to me a Muslim
is defend the Grom like please man why
would that not make you a real Muslim
where in Islam does it tell you to kill
innocent children Israel does that the
Bible condones that pet religion
Patrick's religion tells you you can
kill them and he justifies what Israel
is doing Islam doesn't so what are you
talking about bro are you okay are you
well are you okay what he said is
extremely interesting because when I say
these things online I get no push back
and no hate from the Gulf Arabs I get no
push back and no hate from the first
world Muslims none of that it's only
from the extremists and the extremists
are all living in Bradford they're all
living in the UK it's really interesting
that the most extreme points of view I
get from for the things I say about
Islam are from England it's never from
the Islamic or the Arab Arabic world I
saw another really interesting thing
actually I'd like someone to find it it
was a post I saw on Twitter from
Pakistani guy and he said I'm from
Pakistani I live in Islamabad and I was
recently in Birmingham and it felt more
Islamic and it was more backward
thinking than anything you would see in
Pakistan he said Islamabad is a far more
liberal place to live than Birmingham UK
why is the yardstick liberalism I don't
understand why are you measuring this
guy who went from Pakistan who was
probably a liberal himself going from
there to come to Birmingham or Bradford
whever he came to and he was oh these
people are behind what do you men has
been behind people praying people
wearing the hijab people observing
Ramadan people being stricter with their
religion that makes them backward and
his measuring sck is
liberalism what the are you talking
about bro he saying the pakistanis who
are still in Islam Abad are less Islamic
and less extreme about things than those
in inside of Birmingham UK and as I'm
only two and a half years into Islam I
don't know all of the ins and outs
there's other people who know it better
than me so the criteria is for them to
be less
Islamic so you should be less Islamic
otherwise you're extreme you should be
more liberal oh I I don't know I I'll be
honest with you I I don't know what to
say Andrew You're such intelligent man
but I'll be honest with you you're
making some very very silly points man
it's like a child speaking I believe
every country and every race every
identity has a right to their land I
believe that I believe that the British
people have a right to have an England
for British people that feels like
England you can argue what a British
person is perhaps the definition may be
slightly changing but you would argue
that Great Britain has a Christian
Heritage and I don't think there's
anything wrong as a Muslim to say that
Great Britain is a Christian country
it's always been a Christian country and
it should remain a Christian country I
believe that I like that they let me
visit that's fine I would never go to
the UAE and say this should be a
Christian Nation I would never do that
so why do we do it the other way around
it just seems hypocritical but that's
the point though that's the point what a
lot of people are making if you want to
live in a place that majority is Muslim
go there you can move there if you want
to live in a place that's got the
Traditions let them stay there right
that's the whole argument about
nationalism like if you're proud of your
country no you shouldn't be proud of
your country but that only applies to
white people and I I I'm one of the
champions of this even though the
hardcore RAC realist racists on Twitter
hate me because they call me matat and
mixed race and all these things I don't
care I'm going to Champion for it anyway
only white people are not allowed to
love love themselves love their race and
love their countries everyone else is
white people the only ones who could do
it if anyone else flies a flag or my who
is the only country or countries who
have invaded other lands and toppled
governments killed millions of people
and trying to push their agenda and
their lifestyle of liberalism who who do
we Muslims go and do that no who does it
America UK France these countries are
the ones who been invading and killing
Muslims so what are you on about bro
what well I'm so
Bamboozled you guys are the one that's
invading other people's countries
stealing their lands killing men
innocent men children trying to shove
liberalism down their throat and if they
don't abide by that you cause you you
enable as sanctions and now you think
that Muslim are take what the are
talking about bro are you okay says
we're from wherever or we're this color
we're this religion we want it it's fine
when white people do it is instantly
demonized white people are the only
people who are expected to give up their
lands white people are being replaced in
their host Nations that's obvious for me
to see I don't think anyone can argue
against that point people try Fair
argument though no it's a very fair
argument but that upsets people people
or they deny it's happening but it is
happening guess what I saw on the car on
way here a terror attack in Germany a
car attack you see it Yep this morning a
Muslim ran over a bunch of white people
in Germany this morning but the white
people in Germany can't band together to
fight against it because then they are
what racist when bro this you can't make
this crap up bro you cannot make this CP
he was not a Muslim he was a Christian
the guy was a Christian bro it's
unbelievable okay Hut falsely blamed
Muslims go to s2j news Okay SM General
fantastic news channel Andrew FY blam
Muslims for the man him attacked despite
the perpetrator being Christian named
Alexander SCH ironically a Muslim man is
the hero of the story such information
fuels islamophobia and the real
islamophobia and real world harm will
take and PD podcast apologize will they
retracted for that this is unbelievable
you've just made up another lie again
you talked about Stockport killing yes
and you're making the same dumb mistake
again why are you obsessed with it being
a Muslim I don't understand and he was
not Muslim so the the the the Pakistani
R gangs it's as if this group is
protected they're they're they're
covering it up and they don't want it to
come to life why why would they hide the
fact that these guys were Pakistanian
what they're afraid of is there who is
this flipping little bro can
someone tell me who this little
is in the corner flipping is it
Patrick's brother he looks like him fing
man shut your flipping out with your
dumb ass things about being protected or
this that you know and it shouldn't they
shouldn't be if that's even the case
that shouldn't be yeah I don't believe
in this politically correct thing Etc if
somebody a group of people I Don't Care
What ethnicity they are if they are
committing a certain crime they should
be called out for it afraid of racism
and of nationalism and highlighting the
problems amongst a certain demographic
and subgroup because they feel like it's
going to build resentment and it will so
they solution and and it will build
resentment and I'm not saying that
resentment is wrong it's quite rightful
resentment so their solution is let's
try and hide the problem but I would
argue that one of the key elements one
of the key backbones to Multicultural
Society is at least fair treatment under
the law how can you expect all these
different types of people to live
together if they're not treated fairly
under the law how does Dubai survive
Dubai's 80% immigration from people from
all around the the world all different
colors why does everyone get along why
does everyone go there fair treatment
under the law it's a harsh law but we're
all treated the same right so in the UK
now we have a double problem you have
the problem of the national the natural
resentment for the results of actions of
people who don't share British values on
top of a double standard in the law
they're using to try and hide the issue
this is a time bomb have you ever seen
Dominic tar jinsky from Poland yes he's
being interviewed and he's being asked
about why Poland has the lowest lowest
crime lowest unemployment and here's his
answer Rob can you play this clip how
many refugees has Poland taken not one
zero and you're proud of that if you are
asking me if you're if you're asking me
about Muslim uh Muslims illegal
immigration none not even one will come
to Poland not even one if it's illegal
we we took over 2 million ukrainians who
are working who are peaceful in Poland
we will not receive even one Muslim
because this is what we promised but I
asked not about illegal immigrants I
asked about refugees and J you yunker
the commission President says that
you're racist you sound proud of the
fact that you haven't taken any refugees
of course because this is what our
people expecting from our government
that's number one this is why our
government was elected but this is why
Poland is so safe this is the the the
reason why we had not even one terrorist
attack look at the streets in Poland and
we can be called populists nationalists
racists I don't care I care about my
family and about my country right we can
pause it go for it interesting so
basically what they do is done they're
equating a causation correlation thing
okay they are now equating that
basically if you have the reason why po
Poland is so free from crime and all
this kind of stuff is because Muslims
are not there do you see the
islamophobia can you imagine somebody
came and said this country is better off
because
Jews don't live there if je live there
they would corrupt it can I say
something like that no do you see the
point do you see the point they are
connected to trying to correlate crime
rate to
Muslims I don't understand my friend
your lifestyle the lifestyle that you
live drugs sex party rock and roll all
this kind of stuff these grooming gangs
who were doing this issue they were
living this is your um
lifestyle they've adopted your lifestyle
they they they've assimilated to your
lifestyle they've assimilated to being
this is your lifestyle drugs party and
sex before marriage my friend this not
is in Islam this not what we know this
not what we grew up it's your lifestyle
bro they have adopted your lifestyle
blame your lifestyle blame your wasting
values and liberalism don't believe in
Islam Islam's got enough to do with this
Islam is not an excuse to break border
laws I don't know why some Muslims seem
to believe it is that's why Islam has
such a terrible name you can't say I'm a
Muslim so let me in I don't have to obey
border laws I don't think that Islam is
an excuse to disobey the laws of a
country I don't think it's an excuse to
disobey border laws cuz it's not an
excuse to disobey the Border laws in
Dubai or Qatar or Bahrain or all these
other Islamic Nations you think you can
rock up to the border of an Islamic
nation and say well I'm Muslims just let
me and I ain't got a passport I don't
think so I would argue that some of the
strictest border controls ever are in
that region which is why they have such
a problem trying to relocate refugees
and these kind of things so it's really
insane that the white Christian liberal
will argue that Muslim refugees have an
instant pass to their Christian
countries when they don't have an
instant pass to Islamic countries it
doesn't matter what their religion is
countries need a border and my Islamic
faith I don't feel counteracts my
rationality in understanding that
countries need a border and then you
have this identity politics which is
tearing fabric was tearing the fabric of
society apart because when a Muslim will
do something disgusting and heinous like
be involved in a grooming gang instead
of being disavowed by other Muslims all
the other Muslims seem to start
screaming about
islamophobia who has called it
islamophobia this what again you're just
making crap up bro you're just looking
for the sake of it who has called these
groomers or whatever that for that
matter whoever's been doing what that if
you try to question them and it makes
you islamophobe it's enough to do with
Islam it has nothing to do with Islam
the actions what they've done has got
nothing to do with Islam so how could
you be even an islamophobe for bringing
attention to that is there's no
connection to Islam and then you wonder
why the average white Christian has a
problem with Islam I'm the absolute
opposite yes I am a Muslim yes but if
you're in a grooming gang I think you
deserve the punishment the full
punishment of the law in fact I would
wish you to get caught in Islamic
country and see what actual punishment
is I completely understand as a white
Christian in the UK why you would feel
threatened by Islam I understand it and
when Muslims go you don't have any
reason to fear us well he's a gri gang
kids no you're racist like how can you
not understand the concerns of these
people we understand the concerns the
reason they have these concerns is
because you spread false information you
spread lies that's why you're feir
mongering that is our point because of
you people like you false information is
the reason why you you're propagating
islamophobia you are and as a Muslim I
don't understand and why aren't you
doing anything to address those concerns
if you're a guest in someone's Nation
shouldn't you try and address their
concerns I would argue that the Muslims
inside of the UK if they had respect if
they had respect for the country they
were in if they had respect for the
native population and for Christianity
should be doing a pretty good job or
should be trying to make it clear that
they are not a threat instead they walk
around and try their very best to scare
everyone all the time and then they
wonder why islamophobia exists and as a
Muslim I will say that because it's
obvious but when I say that they turn on
me and they attack me but it doesn't
matter what they say it matters what God
say so a lot of the problems in the UK
yes you can attribute some of them to
Islam but truthfully you can attribute
most of them to just simply third world
individuals arriving and them having no
plan to integrate these people into
society that's the problem you say you
want to be president of the UK prime
minister of the UK what would you do to
solve world peace in Israel Palestine
what Solutions do you have well I really
believe Trump was going to bring peace
to the world I think he did a pretty
good job in and stopping the killing
between Israel and Gaza I'm not saying
he has all the solutions I'm not saying
everything he's done is perfect but he
certainly stopped The Killing and that's
got to be the first thing you do right
things have to be done incrementally
it's unfair to expect the leader to come
in and have a complete full solution to
everything head to toe you have to do
things in increments an increment one is
to stop people dying I would argue so I
think for that reason alone he's done a
good job in Israel and Gaza I think if
anyone can get it done it's Donald Trump
Trump's a hero Trump has saved the world
Trump has been very pro-israel and so
he's been very Pro BB correct and matter
of fact Le Tate so do you think he's
wrong on that being so supportive of
Israel you know this this whole Jewish
question is actually an interesting one
you know it's actually kind of
frustrating for me because when I came
out of jail I did Pi Morgan and I told
Piers that what was happening in Gaza
was a massacre and this was on like
October 9th like two days after genocide
genocide isn't it isn't it interesting
that this scum dirt back there I think
his name is Adam whatever his name is he
had to say you said genocide Andrew why
are you afraid to call genocide bro I
said it was unfair what was happening
this was before it became like
widespread this was only a couple days
after and I was told not to say that I
was that's going to get you in a lot of
trouble but that's what I believe so I
said it at the time and there's a lot of
people online who are uh fervently
anti-jew and are very anti-semitic and I
know who these people are and you know
these people are law of them sometimes
well no some of sometimes they have a
point of view and sometimes they just go
way too far with it so I think this
whole argument is kind of two-pronged
the first prong is that there are people
in the world who blame the Jews for
absolutely everything and that is
pathetic and these people think that
they've worked out the secret of the
world and they're based and they blame
Jewish people for everything they're
like oh but that's the Jews and if you
try and point this out you're instantly
a Mossad agent even I get this after
defending Palestine and risking my life
cuz they could have locked me back up
and I was told not to they're still not
happy with me cuz I don't go far enough
with blaming the rain on the Jews so
there there's there's the psycho side of
it who's going to lock you up who's
going to lock you up bro who was fre so
when was Pro Palestinian who was trying
to lo you up the
zist the Zionist they were going to Lo
up you they were going to work away not
talking about that they were going me up
who's going to look you up the zionists
they going to look you up but as a
rational person who likes to see both
sides of the argument I would also argue
it is interesting that it seems the only
influence over the American government
that we're not scared about or we don't
measure is the Israeli influence of the
American government it seems they do
have some control over the American
government they do Lobby heavily and
nobody talks about it in a negative way
whereas if the Chinese do it or the
Russian do it there seems to be a big
problem it doesn't seem to be measured
when Israel does it and nobody seems to
be concerned by it now whether that's a
good or bad thing you can get someone on
more qualified than me to discuss
there's people more qualified than me I
would argue as a rational intelligent
individual that the American government
should be pertinently aware of all
influences that are put on it shouldn't
you measure them I'm not saying even
stop them but shouldn't you know so I
understand that Israel seems to be the
only country that can influence American
politics without being checked I
understand that I understand that's
strange I agree that should be measured
that's true there's definitely a lot of
irrationality on both sides that's what
I would say about that whole subject but
that subject seems to get people
instantly into black and white camps and
both sides can semi have a point for the
people who are truly fearful of Israel
and truly fearful of Jewish influence
You Hinder yourselves by not being open
to rational conversations by not being
invited on speaking podcasts by not
being open to ideas because you don't
accept that not every single thing on
the planet is the Jews because when see
what mean how he just randomly just
changed the whole topic into oh but
they're blaming Jews they're wrong but
why are you changing the whole topic why
don't you talk about the Geno that's
happening how would you like if and if
I'm on a podcast speaking of a group of
individuals who have massacred who
support a military army who has Massac
your family members you got daughters
imagine somebody a group of military per
individuals yes killed your family
members and I'm there just casually
talking you should be outraged you
should be ashamed to even talking about
these guys who are pro Zionist but
you're so casually there making it and
changing the whole narrative by saying
oh but they're just blaming all juice no
everyone blames all juice what you
talking about they blame Zionist okay if
there's anyone that you cannot talk
about and what you're talking about is
people blame islamophobia no if there's
anyone that is defending their C- um
members it's the sinist they defend each
other none of them condemn they say
there should be more children killed
more massacred if there was a button we
can press and wipe out Gaza we would the
only ones that's doing that and you
cannot criticize them because you'll be
labeled an anite is Zionist I me a half
black Muslim who defended Palestine as
being accused of being a Mossad agent
you may have gone too far it looks like
I work for the juice so what can you do
well T you're hired don't worry I'll get
you get you a discount I'm going to get
you a 10% discount I got you get the Y I
would get one about to say if I was
hired where's my money
that they ain't PID on yet but uh
another
protect laugh about it Jo about yeah
exactly there you go there you go
nothing else to be said guys uh
alhamdulillah and I'll be honest with
you I don't know what to make out this
guy Andre tap but may Allah guide him
hope you guys benefited from this inshah
and may Allah subh tala if he is um a
maaf who's pretending to be a Muslim may
Allah expose him if he's got goodness in
his heart may all to see the reality and
Chang his ways
my name is Archie I'm 18 years old and I
came to Islam 3 years ago alhamdulillah
donate just 00 and help 10 people learn
how to pray Salah every single time they
make recite Al and perform you get the
reward five times a day every every and
every every time they wake up
for and is it's all on your scale
inshallah and when they have children
and teach them how to pray Salah you get
that reward too remember the prophet
Muhammad peace be upon him said charity
does not decrease wealth click the
button and donate now